[BLOG] Confusing Terms in the Git Terminology (#21)
iamshadmirza/TheNextBigWriter: Github/Confusing Things in Git Terminology.md

## Confusing Terms in the Git Terminology

> Git and GitHub are at the core of open source in today's scenario. However, there are a lot of confusing terms that often seem similar yet can have conflicting meanings and uses. Let's eradicate these confusing terms by decoding their underlying meanings and sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git and GitHub are at the core of open source in today's scenario. However, there are a lot of confusing terms that often seem similar yet can have conflicting meanings and uses. Let's eradicate these confusing terms by decoding their underlying meanings.
```

> 

Reviewer: mention that this is not a beginner tutorial, the article expects some knowledge of git.

- ### Origin and Upstream

From Git Documentation:

> > When a repo is cloned, it has a default remote called origin that points to your fork on GitHub, not the original repo it was forked from.

Reviewer: Mention something along the lines of "when you fork a repo and clone the fork locally then their is a default remote"

>To keep track of the original repo, you need to add another remote named upstream

This confusion arises when you are working on the clone of a forked repo. **Upstream** is what you would use to **fetch from the original repo** in order to keep your local copy in sync with the project you wanted to contributed to. Meanwhile, **Origin** is what you would use to **pull and push code to your own fork** and thereafter you can contribute back to the upstream repo by making a pull request.

![Upstream and origin](https://i2.wp.com/i.stack.imgur.com/L5wRU.png)
source: [https://stackoverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com)

> **Remember**: Remotes are simply an alias that store the URL of repositories.

Reviewer: You can say it this way- 

```suggestion
**Remember**: Remotes like upstream & master are simply an alias that stores the URL of repositories. They can be named anything but its a convention to set original repo's remote as upstream.
```

- ### Fetch and Pull

From Git Documentation:
> git fetch can fetch from either a single named repository or URL, or from several repositories at once.

>git pull incorporates changes from a remote repository into the current branch.

> **git fetch** is the command that tells your local git to retrieve the latest meta-data info from the original yet doesn’t do any file transferring. It’s more like just checking to see if there are any changes available. **git pull** on the other hand does that AND copies those changes from the remote repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**git fetch** is the command that tells your local git to retrieve the latest meta-data info from the original yet doesn’t do any file transferring. It’s more like just checking to see if there are any changes available. **git pull**, on the other hand does `git fetch`` and **applies the changes from the remote repository to the local repository**.
```

![fetch vs pull](https://i.stack.imgur.com/nWYnQ.png)
source: [https://stackoverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com)

**Remember**:  `git pull` is shorthand for `git fetch` followed by `git merge FETCH_HEAD`

> Putting it rather simply, **git fetch** can be used to know the changes done in the remote repo/branch since your last pull. This is useful to allow for checking before doing a **git pull**, which could change files in your current branch and working copy and potentially lose your changes, etc.

Reviewer: I use git fetch to get names of branches on origin so that I can checkout to those branches locally. What are other benefits of `git fetch`? giving more concrete examples would be great.

- ### Switch and Checkout

From Git Documentation:
>git switch switches to a specified branch. The working tree and the index are updated to match the branch.

>git checkout updates files in the working tree to match the version in the index or the specified tree

> `git switch` is not a new feature but an additional command to switch/change branch feature which is already available in the overloaded `git checkout` command. Hence, to separate out the functionalities, the **Git 2.23** introduced the new git switch branch command which is an attempt to start to scale back to the responsibilities without breaking backward compatibility.

Reviewer: Please explain `git checkout` command more
